{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red199\green203\blue211;\red52\green54\blue66;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c81961\c83529\c85882;\cssrgb\c26667\c27451\c32941;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Log in as a customer: The user can log in to the system using their customer account. This use case involves inputting the user's login credentials, and the system checking the validity of the information entered. If the information is correct, the user is granted access to their account.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Log in as a SA: The SA can log in to the system with special privileges. This use case involves inputting the SA's login credentials, and the system checking the validity of the information entered. If the information is correct, the SA is granted access to their account with elevated permissions.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Make Customer Account: The SA can create a new customer account in the system. This use case involves inputting the customer's information such as name, email, and password, and the system validating the information entered. If the information is correct, a new customer account is created in the system.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Change Contactinformation: The user can edit their contact information in the system. This use case involves the user accessing their account information, inputting the new contact information, and the system validating the information entered. If the information is correct, the contact information is updated in the system.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Delete User: The user can delete their account in the system. This use case involves the user accessing their account information, and selecting the option to delete their account. The system prompts the user to confirm their decision, and if confirmed, the account is permanently deleted from the system.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create a Store: The SA can create a new store in the system. This use case involves inputting the store's information such as name and location, and the system validating the information entered. If the information is correct, a new store is created in the system.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create a product for the store: The SA can create a new product for a store in the system. This use case involves inputting the product's information such as name, price, and description, and the system validating the information entered. If the information is correct, a new product is created in the system and associated with a store.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	8	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Change the product information: The SA can edit product information such as price and name in the system. This use case involves the SA selecting the product to edit, inputting the new product information, and the system validating the information entered. If the information is correct, the product information is updated in the system.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	9	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create campaigns: The SA can create current product offers that the user can see in the system. This use case involves the SA selecting the product and the type of offer (e.g. sale, promotion), inputting the offer details such as discount percentage, and the system validating the information entered. If the information is correct, the offer is created and associated with the product in the system.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	10	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
View store and products: The user can view the store and all its products in the system. This use case involves the user selecting the store they want to view and accessing the list of products associated with the store. The system displays the products and their information to the user.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	11	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Delete store and products: The SA can remove a store and its products from the system. This use case involves the SA selecting the store and confirming their decision to remove it. The system prompts the SA to confirm their decision, and if confirmed, the store and its associated products are permanently deleted from the system.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	12	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Create a shoppinglist: The user can create a new shopping list associated with a store in the system. This use case involves the user selecting the store}